docs: update site doc to include `secret init` (#2347)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/commands/secret-init.en.md

# secret init
```
$ copilot secret init
```

## What does it do?
`copilot secret init` creates or updates secrets as [SecureString parameters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html#what-is-a-parameter) in SSM Parameter Store for your application.

A secret can have different values in each of your existing environments, and is accessible by your services or jobs from the same application and environment.

!!! attention 
    Secrets are not supported for Request-Driven Web Services.

## What are the flags?
```
  -a, --app string              Name of the application.
      --cli-input-yaml string   Optional. A YAML file in which the secret values are specified.

>                                 Mutually exclusive with the -n, --name and --values flags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                Mutually exclusive with the -n, --name and --values flags.
```

  -h, --help                    help for init
  -n, --name string             The name of the secret.

>                                 Mutually exclusive with --cli-input-yaml flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                Mutually exclusive with the --cli-input-yaml flag.
```
I don't really understand why the period use is consistently inconsistent in our help menus. (The "mutually exclusive" lines don't have periods, but others, excluding the always-lowercase "help for..." do.) Let's just keep the period here and add it to the others!

Author: added to all other flag desc for all commands and updated their site docs accordingly

      --overwrite               Optional. Whether to overwrite an existing secret.
      --values stringToString   Values of the secret in each environment. Specified as <environment>=<value> separated by commas.

>                                 Mutually exclusive with --cli-input-yaml flag. (default [])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                Mutually exclusive with the --cli-input-yaml flag. (default [])
```

# secret init
```
$ copilot secret init
```

## What does it do?

> `copilot secret init` creates or updates secrets as [SecureString](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html#what-is-a-parameter) parameters in SSM Parameter Store for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`copilot secret init` creates or updates secrets as [SecureString parameters](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html#what-is-a-parameter) parameters in SSM Parameter Store for your application.
```

A secret can have different values in each of your existing environments, and is accessible by your services or jobs from the same application and environment.

!!! attention 
    Secrets are not supported for Request-Driven Web Services.

## What are the flags?
```
  -a, --app string              Name of the application.
      --cli-input-yaml string   Optional. A YAML file in which the secret values are specified.

>                                 Mutually exclusive with name flag and values flag

Reviewer: Here and below (name, values):
I'm not sure which is preferable, but it appears that elsewhere in the docs where we have mutually exclusive flags, the wording is like this:
"Mutually exclusive with -n --name and --values"

Reviewer: I think if we include "flag"/"flags" we also need "the":
"Mutually exclusive with -n, --name and --values" OR "...with the -n, --name and --values flags"
(sorry I accidentally left out the comma above)

Author: updated!

>                                 Mutually exclusive with name flag and values flag"

Reviewer: Hmmm... is this `"` stray?

  -h, --help                    help for init
  -n, --name string             The name of the secret.
                                Mutually exclusive with cli-input-yaml flag.
      --overwrite               Optional. Whether to overwrite an existing secret.
      --values stringToString   Values of the secret in each environment. Specified as <environment>=<value> separated by commas.
                                Mutually exclusive with cli-input-yaml flag. (default [])
```
## How can I use it?
Create a secret with prompts. You will be prompted for the name of the secret, and its values in each of your existing environments.
```
$ copilot secret init
```

Create a secret named `db_password` in multiple environments. You will be prompted for the `db_password`'s values you want for each of your existing environments.
```
$ copilot secret init --name db_password
```

> Create secrets from `input.yml`. For the format of the YAML file please see <a href="#secret-init-cli-input-yaml">below</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create secrets from `input.yml`. For the format of the YAML file, please see <a href="#secret-init-cli-input-yaml">below</a>.
```

```
$ copilot secret init --cli-input-yaml input.yml
```

!!!info
    It is recommended that you specify your secret's values through our prompts (e.g. by running `copilot secret init --name`) or from an input file by using the `--cli-input-yaml` flag. While the `--values` flag is a convenient way to specify secret values, your input may appear in your shell history as plaintext.

## What's next?

Copilot will create SSM parameters named `/copilot/<app name>/<env name>/secrets/<secret name>`. 

> Using the parameter names, you can then modify the `secrets` section in your [service's](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/manifest/backend-service/#secrets) or [job's](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/manifest/scheduled-job/#secrets) manifest to reference the secrets that are just created. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the parameter names, you can then modify the `secrets` section in your [service's](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/manifest/backend-service/#secrets) or [job's](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/manifest/scheduled-job/#secrets) manifest to reference the secrets that were created. 
```

> For example, suppose you have an application `my-app`, and you've created a secret `db_host` in `prod` and `dev` environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, suppose you have an application `my-app`, and you've created a secret `db_host` in your `prod` and `dev` environments.
```

You can modify your service's manifest as follows:
```yaml
environments:
    prod:
      secrets: 
        DB_PASSWORD: /copilot/my-app/prod/secrets/db_password
    dev:
      secrets:
        DB_PASSWORD: /copilot/my-app/dev/secrets/db_password
```

Once you deploy this updated manifest, your service or job will be able to access the environment variable `DB_PASSWORD`.
It will have the value of the SSM parameter `/copilot/my-app/prod/secrets/db_password` if the service/job is deployed in a `prod` environment, and `/copilot/my-app/dev/secrets/db_password` if it's deployed in a `dev` environment.

> This works because ECS Agent will resolve the SSM parameter when it starts up your task, and set the environment variable for you.

Reviewer: I love that you explain the 'why'/'how' here!

Author: hahaha this should be credited to whoever actually wrote this - i just copied&pasted from the original `secret` page 😎

## <span id="secret-init-cli-input-yaml">How do I use the `--cli-input-yaml` flag?</span>

> You can specify multiple secrets, and their values in each of your existing environments in a file. Then you can use the file as the input to `--cli-input-yaml` flag. Copilot will read from the file and create or update the secrets accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify multiple secrets and their values in each of your existing environments in a file. Then you can use the file as the input to `--cli-input-yaml` flag. Copilot will read from the file and create or update the secrets accordingly.
```

Author: !!! My editor told me I should add a comma. Bad editor

The YAML file should be formatted as follows:
```yaml
<secret A>:
  <env 1>: <the value of secret A in env 1>
  <env 2>: <the value of secret A in env 2>
  <env 3>: <the value of secret A in env 3>
<secret B>:
  <env 1>: <the value of secret B in env 1>
  <env 2>: <the value of secret B in env 2>
```

> Here is an example input file that creates secrets `db_host` and `db_password` in `dev`, `test` and `prod`, and `notification_email` in `dev` and `test` environments. Note that `notificaition-email` won't be created for `prod` environment since it doesn't have a value for `prod`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example input file that creates secrets `db_host` and `db_password` in `dev`, `test` and `prod`, and `notification_email` in `dev` and `test` environments. Note that `notification_email` won't be created for the `prod` environment since it doesn't have a value for `prod`.
```

                                Mutually exclusive with name flag and values flag"
  -h, --help                    help for init
  -n, --name string             The name of the secret.
                                Mutually exclusive with cli-input-yaml flag.
      --overwrite               Optional. Whether to overwrite an existing secret.
      --values stringToString   Values of the secret in each environment. Specified as <environment>=<value> separated by commas.
                                Mutually exclusive with cli-input-yaml flag. (default [])
```
## How can I use it?
Create a secret with prompts. You will be prompted for the name of the secret, and its values in each of your existing environments.
```
$ copilot secret init
```

Create a secret named `db_password` in multiple environments. You will be prompted for the `db_password`'s values you want for each of your existing environments.
```
$ copilot secret init --name db_password
```
Create secrets from `input.yml`. For the format of the YAML file please see <a href="#secret-init-cli-input-yaml">below</a>.
```
$ copilot secret init --cli-input-yaml input.yml
```

!!!info

>     It is recommended that you specify your secret's values through our prompts (e.g. by running `copilot secret init --name`) or from an input file by using the `--cli-input-yaml` flag. While the `--values` flag is a convenient way to specify secret values, your input may appear in your shell history as plaintext, which may not be ideal from the security's standpoint. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    It is recommended that you specify your secret's values through our prompts (e.g. by running `copilot secret init --name`) or from an input file by using the `--cli-input-yaml` flag. While the `--values` flag is a convenient way to specify secret values, your input may appear in your shell history as plaintext.
```

Using the parameter names, you can then modify the `secrets` section in your [service's](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/manifest/backend-service/#secrets) or [job's](https://aws.github.io/copilot-cli/docs/manifest/scheduled-job/#secrets) manifest to reference the secrets that are just created. 

For example, suppose you have an application `my-app`, and you've created a secret `db_host` in `prod` and `dev` environments.
You can modify your service's manifest as follows:
```yaml
environments:
    prod:
      secrets: 
        DB_PASSWORD: /copilot/my-app/prod/secrets/db_password
    dev:
      secrets:
        DB_PASSWORD: /copilot/my-app/dev/secrets/db_password
```

Once you deploy this update in manifest, your service or job will be able to access the environment variable `DB_PASSWORD`.
It will have the value of the SSM parameter `/copilot/my-app/prod/secrets/db_password` if the service/job is deployed in a `prod` environment, and `/copilot/my-app/dev/secrets/db_password` if it's deployed in a `dev` environment.

This works because ECS Agent will resolve the SSM parameter when it starts up your task, and set the environment variable for you.

!!!info

>     Note that `/copilot/my-app/prod/secrets/db_password` is only accessible by any services or jobs that live in `my-app`'s `prod` environment, and similarly for `/copilot/my-app/dev/secrets/db_password`.

Reviewer 2: nit: not needed

## <span id="secret-init-cli-input-yaml">How do I use the `--cli-input-yaml` flag?</span>
You can specify multiple secrets, and their values in each of your existing environments in a file. Then you can use the file as the input to `--cli-input-yaml` flag. Copilot will read from the file and create or update the secrets accordingly.

The YAML file should be formatted as follows:
```yaml
<secret A>:
  <env 1>: <the value of secret A in env 1>
  <env 2>: <the value of secret A in env 2>
  <env 3>: <the value of secret A in env 3>
<secret B>:
  <env 1>: <the value of secret B in env 1>
  <env 2>: <the value of secret B in env 2>
```

Here is an example input file that creates secrets `db_host` and `db_password` in `dev`, `test` and `prod`, and `notification_email` in `dev` and `test` environments. Note that `notificaition-email` won't be created for `prod` environment since it doesn't have a value for `prod`.
```yaml
db_host:
  dev: dev.db.host.com
  test: test.db.host.com
  prod: prod.db.host.com
db_password:
  dev: dev-db-pwd
  test: test-db-pwd
  prod: prod-db-pwd
notification_email:
  dev: dev@email.com
  test: test@email.com
```

!!! attention 

>     Secrets are not supported for Request-Driven Web Services.

Reviewer 2: Can we move this to the bottom of the "## What does it do section?" so that it's more apparent for folks
